How to setup the development environment

The projects consists of two parts: The server site based on java and the client side based on ActionScript.
The client side represents the user-frontend written in ActionScript/Flash and handles all drawing and input activities.
The client side calls Java coded Webservices installed on a Jetty Server. For the development environment you will
work with two projects and two separate Git repositories in Eclipse. One project is java based and the other is based on Flex (ActionScript). 

Setup the server site environment

1. Follow the instructions in the README file to setup the Java Environment, the Jetty server and Flashplayer.
2. Setup the paths in build.properties according to your system settings.  
3. Download Eclipse (Indigeo): http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/
4. Install Eclipse EGit to import Projects from GutHub: http://www.eclipse.org/egit/
5. Import the GitHub repository to your local "Dynamic Web Project"
6. Add the build.xml file to the Ant-View in Eclipse and start the "main" target.

Setup the client site environment (Microsoft Windows Version)

1. Sign up to Adobe with your student ID (this might take some days until Adobe has verified you as a student)
2. Download and install Adobe Flash Builder 4.6 
3. Make a backup of your current eclipse installation, because in the next stept you will install the adobe flash player plugin for eclipse. This plugin might have some bugs and you do not want to affect this installation to harm your other projects.
3. Navigate to your Adobe Flash Builder install directory and go to the subdirectory "utilities". Open and install "Adobe Flash Builder 4.6 Plugin-in Utility.exe"
4. Switch to Eclipse and import the GitHub repository into a new Flex-Project
5. Choose Flex 4.1A as the Flash Version (NOT 4.6)
6. Choose as the primary source directory "gui-builder/src"
7. Finish the project wizard
8. Navigate in the project explorer to "gui-builder/src/les/math/games/builder/view",  right click on Main.mxml and choose "set as default application".
9. Delete the original *.mxml application file created by the project wizard (should be createt in gui-builder/src)
10. Run "main.mxml" 

 
 
